## License

Copyright &copy; 2025 Nicolás Gudiño and contributors

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Icon Attribution

[Communication icons created by Vectors Market -
Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/communication)

## Legal

This code is in no way affiliated with, authorized, maintained, sponsored or
endorsed by WhatsApp or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries. This is an
independent and unofficial software. Use at your own risk.

## Cryptography Notice

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you
currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or
re-export to another country, of encryption software. BEFORE using any
encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies
concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption
software, to see if this is permitted. See
[http://www.wassenaar.org/](http://www.wassenaar.org/) for more information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security
(BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity Control Number (ECCN)
5D002.C.1, which includes information security software using or performing
cryptographic functions with asymmetric algorithms. The form and manner of this
distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception ENC
Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export
Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object code and source
code.
